Heroism

PAST

Pranoy has always been determined to be the best. In his past, Pranoy quickly found an interest in programming and computers and as others enjoyed their youth, Pranoy worked for hours on end to become who he is today. 

"Believe you can and you are half way there." ~ Theodor Roosevelt

In the past, Pranoy was brave enough to believe in himself and work towards becoming something in the world, and he has already started. 


PRESENT

"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." ~ Sam Levenson

Everyday Pranoy leaves himself time to work on what he loves, programming. He takes course online and has self-taught himself pretty much all that he knows about the subject matter.


Future

"It always impossible until it is done." ~ Nelson Mandela

Pranoy's goal is to become a programmer and found a unicorn(http://fortune.com/unicorns/). Yes, that is a real business term; it means any privately owned tech company that is valued at more than a billion dollars. But these aren't Pranoy's true underlying goals. The reason he loves programming and tech so much is because he can change the world for the better. That may seem pretty cliqued, but this is true and it is what drives Pranoy to do all that he is doing. The future, right now, seems pretty bright.

Pranoy wants to do the impossible.

"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." ~ Milton Berle


Ethics


PAST

Pranoy has not always been the kind of person he is. He too started somewhere. His ethics were formed as he transitioned from a bubbly kid to a young adult, still full of the same energy, but this time the energy is not used on building LEGOs.

PRESENT

Pranoy's ethics are straightforward; he values intellect more than anything else. This is shown in what he does everyday, he hunts information. 

"The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." ~ H. Jackson Brown Jr.

He does this to prepare for the future and have an edge during the present. 

He will do whatever it takes (within the law) to achieve his goal. He will not let anyone get in the way of what he wants. He is the most determined person he knows.

FUTURE

He plans to hold the same ethics when he grows older. Unfortunately, things usually do not go to plan and things will eventually change.


Characterization

PAST

"I have died many times." ~ CGP Grey (http://www.cgpgrey.com/blog/i-have-died-many-times)

Pranoy in the past was loud and bubbly. He had average intelligence and bad handwriting, this has changed (at least the intelligence part). He is no longer the person he used to be. His past self is dead in this sense.

PRESENT

"People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do." ~ Isaac Asimov

Pranoy is characterizes as being very extreme. He is very quiet or very loud. He is characterized as others as intelligent (this is his forte). 

FUTURE

"But that's not our nature: we are all the phoenix." ~ CGP Grey(http://www.cgpgrey.com/blog/i-have-died-many-times)

Pranoy is a shell of his former self, and is sure that his future self will not be the Pranoy that some people know.